Fdrabek/releasehealth links (#1620)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/collections/_documentation/workflow/releases/health.md

- If the application is in the background for less than 30 seconds, we do not need to start the session again.

- Applications that are active even on the background (for example, music player) should track the sessions manually for the background process.

#### Active Users

Number of users that started the application at least once in the specified time period.

#### Crash

The fatal error that caused the crash of the application. Errors that did not cause the end of the application should not be included.  

> Sentry consider every error event with the field level set to FATAL as a crash report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sentry considers every error event with the field `level` set to `fatal` or the field `handled` set to `false` as a Crashed state.
```
